Updated Approved Makers link (#475)
helium/docs: docs/faq/hotspot-manufacturers.mdx

Helium, Inc. manufactured the first set of Hotspots on the Network. (These are often referred to as "OGs."). Helium, Inc. is no longer manufacturing Hotspots, but there is now an extensive list of approved manufactures (known in the community as "Makers")

> * [All approved Hotspots can be found here](https://www.helium.com/store)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [All approved Hotspots can be found here](https://helium.com/mine)
```
